[WIP] update agenda template; fixes #722 (#724)
tc39/agendas: template.md

  - <sub>Note: this time is selected to be precisely 10 days prior to the start of the meeting</sub>

1. Proposals not looking to advance may be added at any time; if after the deadline, please always use a pull request so that members are notified of changes.

> 1. Proposals seeking feedback at stage 0 must be added (and noted as such) prior to the deadline, or else delegates may object to advancement solely on the basis of missing the deadline.

Reviewer: If these are just seeking feedback, does the "object to advancement" statement apply to them?

Author: I am not sure what to do with stage 0, we can't object in those cases but im not sure what to do here.

Reviewer: Me neither.

Reviewer 2: Something like this, perhaps?
```suggestion
1. Proposals seeking feedback at stage 0 must be added (and noted as such) prior to the deadline, or else delegates may object to the presentation solely on the basis of missing the deadline.
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think anyone can (or should be able to) object to a presentation, generally.

Typically, we've considered something stage 0 when it's either been presented to the committee, or is on the agenda to be, and the only reason something won't qualify for stage 0 (or will be evicted from it) is if there's zero likelihood it will proceed.

    1. Such proposals *should* include supporting materials when possible.
1. Proposals looking to advance to stage 1 must be added (and noted as such) prior to the deadline, or else delegates may object to advancement solely on the basis of missing the deadline.

>     1. Such proposals *must* include a proposal repository and they *should* include supporting materials when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Such proposals *must* link to a proposal repository and they *should* link to supporting materials when possible.
```

>     1. Such proposals *must* link to a proposal repository and they *should* link to supporting materials when possible.

Reviewer 2: Judging from what follows, the proposal repository _is_ an example of necessary supporting materials—perhaps the stage 1 case should just be merged into the stage 2/3/4 case below?
